FQDN: transition to asynchronous IPCache APIs (#29036)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

* The long defunct and undocumented ``single-cluster-route`` flag has been removed.

* The ``dnsproxy-lock-count`` and ``dnsproxy-lock-timeout`` flags no longer have

>   any effect and are deprecated. They will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
  any effect and are deprecated. They will be removed in v1.16.
```

given that the option usage says so :smile:

Author: This PR is green :-) I'll fix this separately :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

Author: https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/29531
